Updating CRA demo for 0.38 (#5854)
microsoft/FluidFramework: examples/apps/cra-demo/README.md

```bash
yarn add @fluid-experimental/fluid-static @fluid-experimental/data-objects @fluid-experimental/get-container
```

\* These are still experimental packages, and not ready for production

Lastly, open up the `App.js` file, as that will be the only file we need to edit.

## 3. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="import"></a> Import and Initialize Fluid Dependencies

`Fluid` provides methods for creating a [Fluid container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) with a default set of [DataObjects](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#dataobject)

`KeyValueDataObject` is the DataObject that we will initialize on our container, and will give us an API to set and retrieve key value pairs from Fluid.

> `KeyValueDataObject` is a rudimentary data object that is useful for powering small projects and getting started learning Fluid. If you need more than a flat key/value data structure, considering forking the existing [KVPair data object](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/main/experimental/framework/data-objects/src/kvpair/DataObject.ts), and learning more about [DDS'es](https://fluidframework.com/docs/concepts/dds/).

```js
// App.js

> import Fluid from "@fluid-experimental/fluid-static";

Author: addressed

We will also need to store the `KeyValueDataObject` because it will only be created after we create the Fluid container.

```jsx
function App() {
    const [data, setData] = React.useState({});
    const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState();

    // render
};
```

Now that we have state, we need a way to update that state when our React component loads. That's where we turn to `useEffect`.

### 4.b Load container and subscribe to changes to Fluid data

React's `useEffect` takes a function as its first parameter that fires as soon as the component loads and then fires again if any of its dependencies change (in our case the `dataObject` state variable, specified in the second parameter).

Our `useEffect` will end up firing twice. The first time, on component load, it will either create or load the container depending on if it's a new 'document'.

The second time `useEffect` fires, the `dataObject` will have been set and we can set up a listener to update the view's data each time the `changed` event is fired. For this example, we are updating all of the Fluid data on any change, but you could be more selective here if desired.

```jsx
function App() {

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const [data, setData] = React.useState({});
```

>     const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState<KeyValueDataObject>();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState();
```

                setDataObject(initialObjects.kvpair);
            }

            load();
        } else {
        // Second time: set our local state with a query from the KeyValueDataObject
            const updateData = () => setData(dataObject.query());
            updateData();
            dataObject.on("changed", updateData);
            return () => { dataObject.off("changed", updateData) }
        }

    }, [dataObject]);

    // render
}
```

## 5. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="view"></a>  Update the view

In this simple multi-user app, we are going to build a button that, when pressed, shows the current timestamp. We will store that timestamp in Fluid. This allows co-authors to automatically see the most recent timestamp at which any author pressed the button.

To make sure we don't render the app too soon, we return a blank `<div />` until the `dataObject` is defined. Once that's done, we'll render a button that sets the `time` key in our `KeyValueDataObject` to the current timestamp. Anytime this button is pressed, every user will see the latest value stored in the `time` key of `data`.

```jsx
function App() {

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Author: shoot, thought i got all of those....but not even close :D

Concepts you will learn:
1. How to integrate Fluid into a React application
2. How to run and connect your application to a local Fluid service (Tinylicious)
3. How to create and get Fluid Containers and collaborative objects
4. How to use a single KeyValuePair (KVPair) DataObject to sync data between connected clients

\* Want to just see the code? Jump to the [finished tutorial.](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/release/0.38/examples/apps/cra-demo/src/App.tsx).

## Demo introduction

In this demo you will be doing the following:

1. [Install Create-React-App](#cra)
2. [Install Fluid Package Dependencies](#install)
3. [Import and Initialize Dependencies](#import)
4. [Connect React to Fluid Data](#init)
5. [Update the view](#view)
6. [Fire up the servers](#servers)
7. [Next Steps](#next)

## 1. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="cra"></a> Use Create-React-App

### Using NPM
```bash
npx create-react-app my-app-name --use-npm
cd my-app-name
```

### Using Yarn
```bash
npx create-react-app my-app-name
cd my-app-name
```

> \* Don't start the React application yet. We'll do that at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* Don't start the React application yet. We'll do that in step #6.
```

## 2. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="install"></a> Install Fluid Package Dependencies

There are three packages to install to get started with Fluid:

`@fluid-experimental/fluid-static` - Manages creating and getting Fluid containers
`@fluid-experimental/data-objects` - Contains the KeyValueDataObject you will use to sync data
`@fluid-experimental/get-container` - Defines the service connection to our local Fluid server

### Using NPM
```bash
npm install @fluid-experimental/fluid-static @fluid-experimental/data-objects @fluid-experimental/get-container
```

### Using Yarn
```bash
yarn add @fluid-experimental/fluid-static @fluid-experimental/data-objects @fluid-experimental/get-container
```

\* These are still experimental packages, and not ready for production

Lastly, open up the `App.js` file, as that will be the only file we need to edit.

## 3. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="import"></a> Import and Initialize Fluid Dependencies

`Fluid` provides methods for creating a [Fluid container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) with a default set of [DataObjects](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#dataobject)

> `KeyValueDataObject` is the DataObject that we will initialize on our container, and will give us an API to set and retrieve key value pairs from Fluid.

Reviewer: Let's update the README with `SharedMap`.

```js
// App.js
// Add the Fluid imports after React.

import React from "react";
import Fluid from "@fluid-experimental/fluid-static";
import { KeyValueDataObject } from "@fluid-experimental/data-objects";
import { TinyliciousService } from "@fluid-experimental/get-container";
```

### 3.a Create unique container IDs

Fluid collaboration happens in [containers](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container), which have unique identifiers (like a document filename). For this example we'll use the hash part of the URL as the identifier, and generate a new one if there isn't one present already. The `getContainerId` function will automate this for you.

```jsx
// add below imports
const getContainerId = () => {
    let isNew = false;
    if (window.location.hash.length === 0) {
        isNew = true;
        window.location.hash = Date.now().toString();
    }
    const containerId = window.location.hash.substring(1);
    return { containerId, isNew };
};
```

### 3.b Initialize Fluid with the appropriate service

> The Fluid import can be initialized with a number of different services. The `TinyliciousService` defines the schema for connecting to a locally deployed [tinylicious](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tinylicious) Fluid service. You'll use different provided services, like `RouterliciousService`, when connecting to production Fluid services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fluid import can be initialized with a number of different services. The `TinyliciousService` defines the schema for connecting to a locally deployed [tinylicious](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tinylicious) Fluid service. You'll use different provided service packages depending on the service you are connecting to.
```

npm run start
```

When the app loads it will update the URL. Copy that new URL into a second browser and note that if you click the button in one browser, the other browser updates as well.

![cra](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1434956/111496992-faf2dc00-86fd-11eb-815d-5cc539d8f3c8.gif)

## 7. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="next"></a>  Next Steps

- Try extending the demo with more key/value pairs and a more complex UI
  - `npm install @fluentui/react` is a great way to add [UI controls](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/fluentui#/)

> - Try extending the [KeyValueDataObject ](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/release/0.36/experimental/framework/data-objects/src/kvpair/DataObject.ts) class and adding your own custom functionality

Reviewer: Let's not push developers to building DataObjects quite yet.

```suggestion
- Try using other collaborative objects such as the [SharedMap](https://fluidframework.com/docs/apis/map/)
```

> - Try extending the [KeyValueDataObject ](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/release/0.36/experimental/framework/data-objects/src/kvpair/DataObject.ts) class and adding your own custom functionality

Author: How about linking out to the file in the github repo?
